[JINGLE]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One
of the greatest intrigues
among our audience
here at Gaia has
to do with Atlantis and Lemuria.
Today, we're going to
take a look at what
happened to destroy
those ancient continents,
and new information
coming from Tom Moore.
And why now?
OK, let's find out, because
some of what's happening today,
people start likening
to some of what
happened in Atlantis, because
a lot of people who incarnated
at that time are back.
And a lot of times, they're
in communities together
and recognize each other.
And we'll work our way
toward, does this overlay--
does the picture of what
happened then overlay
with anything going on
today toward the end
of our conversation.
But first of all, welcome back.
>>TOM T. MOORE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And let's get
into "The Gentle Way"
series to refresh everyone
on what your background is,
and why we're talking about
Atlantis and Lemuria today.
>>MOORE: OK.
Back in 2005, the very first
time that I ever communicated
with an Indian
shaman in the 1600s
by the name of Reveals
the Mysteries, he said,
Tom, he said, you
have incarnated again
into the 20th and 21st
centuries to reintroduce people
to the Gentle Way.
He gave me the name of my
first book the very first time
I ever talked to him.
And so I'm saying, gosh,
this guy's in the 1600s.
How does the Gentle Way?
And so this kind of gnawed
on me for a couple of years.
And finally, a couple
of years later,
I was communicating with
Theo, my guardian angel.
And I said, Theo, how
old is the Gentle Way?
I was thinking maybe
it's 1,000 years.
He said, oh, Tom, it
dates all the way back
to your Atlantean days,
when you were inspired
to create the
Gentle Way, and this
was about 12,700 years ago.
>>REGINA: And what
is the Gentle Way?
>>MOORE: The Gentle Way is a
simple, easy method for you
to request benevolent
outcomes in your life.
And it works
absolutely perfectly
along with your soul contract.
Because if it's
on your soul path,
if it's within those
boundaries, your request
will be given to you.
These guardian angels are
actually golden light beings.
And the creator of this
universe asked for volunteers
to do this.
And these golden light
beings applied, shall we say.
And they take care of thousands
and thousands of souls
all at the same time.
They're immensely powerful,
much more than we can imagine.
And the creator, out
of love, gave them
the job of looking after us.
But they are to leave
us alone unless we
request the assistance.
And if we request
the assistance,
even if it's for just a
parking spot, or your drive
to and from work,
they will assist you,
but you have to ask.
>>REGINA: I think
you're so right on,
on two points, both
points you made,
which are major and
often misunderstood.
And that is that
your desire will
be granted when it's coming
in alignment with the soul.
And I've had a
couple conversations
on this subject with
guests recently,
because it's so
important, because people
look at their lives and say,
oh, I've tried all these other--
I've tried all the
secrets there are,
and they don't seem
to work for me.
So again, separating
this out into what
is in alignment with the soul.
The soul's desire, that's
where the help comes.
And that's where the answers are
given with ease and so forth.
But one has to determine with
that soul purpose or soul
desire is.
>>MOORE: And it's hard.
They don't tell you.
>>REGINA: You have
to figure it out.
>>MOORE: But if you request--
keep requesting what I call
MBOs, most benevolent outcomes
in your life, it will keep
you on your social contract.
And so I've given the
example before that,
since I'm in the film
distribution business
normally, at one point, I
and a friend of mine in Paris
were going to try
and put together
a slate of about
five films based
on the spy novels of a
guy by the name of Cheney
in World War II.
And I went all over the place--
Paris, and Budapest, and
St. Petersburg, Russia,
and all this other stuff,
trying to put together
the money to do these films.
And each time,
something really weird
would come up that it
wouldn't go through.
And finally, I asked Theo.
I said, why didn't
this go through?
And he said, Tom, he said,
had you gone down that path,
you would never reach
the number of people
that you're going to reach with
your books and your speaking.
>>REGINA: There you go.
And conversely, you can
stumble into something,
you think, oh my god.
Where's this wind under
my wings coming from?
Where you can do no
wrong because you've
touched into something.
Whether it's a project,
or a relationship,
a path of some kind, even
a passion of yours that
is in alignment with
what the soul came
to express in this lifetime.
And it's as though
it's greased lightning.
Things come to fruition
with such grace and ease.
>>MOORE: As long as you keep
requesting benevolent outcomes
in your life, you're
headed down that path.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MOORE: No off-sides.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I mean, along that
same line, I did not
want to be on television.
I had no interest in television.
Super shy.
I never even raised my
hand in class growing up.
And I did it on a dare.
And it's lasted me
an entire lifetime
because I was
supposed to be doing
exactly what I'm doing now.
But along the way, there are
projects that come and go,
and some of them, you can bang
your head against the wall,
like you trying to distribute
this, and others where--
there was this one--
I'll just get to this
because it's kind of fun.
A friend of mine was a really
superb channeler in her day.
I still think of her as
the real hallmark of it.
And friend of mine was
having a channeling from her
and said, why don't
you sit in and listen?
I said, sure.
And during the middle
of this session,
the person who was channeling,
who's very passive,
and their eyes are closed, and
they look kind of dead almost,
her hand went up, and the
finger went over and pointed
where I was in the corner
of room, and randomly said,
and you do something
about the trees.
So I was supposed
to somehow use media
to pass on information about
protecting trees, I guess.
They never said
any more than that.
I thought, well, that was weird,
and that was random, right?
So it was about a year and a
half later, all these events
had transpired.
I ended up doing this
amazing documentary
on the Sierra Nevada mountain
range, and the peril that
was occurring to
its water and trees
in particular, the forests.
It was all done.
It won awards.
And it was being taken up by
universities and all of this
for their educational purposes.
And all of a sudden, I
thought, hold on a minute.
It was all about the trees.
>>MOORE: About the trees.
>>REGINA: And everything
we needed fell in.
I mean, and more.
There was nothing I could have
done to screw that project up.
Because again, it was
in soul alignment.
And so it's just--
I love giving examples
here and there
about how this stuff actually
works, because you can feel it
when it's happening.
You can almost-- you can't
ruin it when it's right, right?
>>MOORE: And all the trees on
Earth all have group souls.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>MOORE: And so
I've communicated
with pine tree soul, oak
tree soul, among others.
>>REGINA: Yeah, redwood.
Yeah, I'm a tree lover.
I just had never thought
of doing anything
about the trees with my
professional line of work.
But here you go.
So the trees actually--
whole bunch of legislation
happened after that,
and the trees actually
were in much better
shape for their futures
after we did this project.
So there you go.
We did something
about the trees.
So now let's get onto Atlantis,
because a lot of people,
they understand
the myth, and they
think of it as one golden high
culture that became corrupt,
and boom, it was gone in a day.
And the fact is, it's a
much longer, much more
rich and complex history.
Many, many races existed
there simultaneously.
And let's talk
about the Atlantis
as it was explained to you.
And first of all,
how massive it was,
and where it was located sure.
>>MOORE: Atlantis,
the continent,
was explained to me as being 10%
larger than today's Australia.
And it was located in between
North America, and Europe,
and Africa.
It was in the shape
of a parallelogram,
and the top of it was at
about the 47th parallel,
and the bottom of
most of the continent
was around the 30th parallel.
And it had a tail that actually
extended all the way down
to the Bahamas.
And it was about 100 miles--
came down parallel
to North America
about 100 miles off
the coast, and it
came within 30 miles of
the continent of Africa.
>>REGINA: And I think this is
something people don't often
understand, is how large
this continent was.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And all of the
different cultures
that were present,
and the time-frame.
So now let's talk
about-- we've kind of
got an idea of what it was like
geographically, and landmass.
Let's talk about the span of
time that it existed over.
>>MOORE: OK.
>>REGINA: Or let's say
that civilization there
existed over.
That's a different question.
>>MOORE: Homo sapiens were
placed there 60,000 years ago.
60,000-- that's a long time
when you think how much-- where
we've come in 6,000 or 7,000
years of recorded history.
That's all we have.
And so here, they
were in existence
from 60,000 years ago.
Edgar Cayce mentioned
the first destruction.
And in my meditations, they
sort of skip over that.
They said the continent wasn't
that peopled at that time
period when that first
destruction happened
when the poles reversed.
And certainly, there were
people on the coasts that died.
But they kind of go past that.
So they jump to the really,
really big destruction, which
was about 31,000 years ago.
But in between--
>>REGINA: That would've
been the middle destruction.
And that was a big one.
That was very
traumatic, and changed
the way humanity would develop
from that point forward.
>>MOORE: Yes.
So in that time period,
from 60,000 to 31,000,
they were given free energy.
They had what were
called posers.
These were giant crystal
towers about 25 feet tall,
and they were magnetically
generated, activated,
so that they put out a
signal, like a radio signal,
and it was limited by the
curvature of the Earth,
so they had to have these posers
every few miles because all
their airplanes, all
their buses, and trolleys,
and everything-- cars--
they all ran on this
broadcast energy.
So it had limits.
The cars and all could only
travel about 65 miles an hour.
Cars were mostly used
by government people.
Everybody else used mostly
public transportation.
But they had free energy.
All their homes were lit.
Everything was taken care
of by this free energy.
The problem is they eventually
misused this free energy
and developed laser weapons.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and this
is interesting because
of all the different-- there
are so many different renderings
from different people
that have remembrances
of being in Atlantis.
And there are a lot of people
that have incarnated at this
time-- a lot--
who had multiple
incarnations in Atlantis.
You have, I have.
Probably most of the people
in this studio and watching
have had lives in
Atlantis at one time.
And it depended on where
you were in the society
at a given time,
what your role was.
But the one thing that
everyone seems to agree on
is that free energy was the
means of energy distribution.
When I've been back
into those lifetimes,
there was never a cable,
or a pole, or a wire.
There was none of that.
The energy is free and
present within a house.
The lighting sources
were naturally--
seemed to be illuminated
from within, right?
And so the free energy,
as we know now--
scalar energies, scalar
waves, et cetera--
have the potential
to be weaponized.
Now, the channel I
mentioned earlier,
one time when she was taken back
by her husband in a past life,
was talking about--
and I want to know what
you received on this--
was talking about
a period of history
where they were being
attacked from the air.
And they were going
for cover in an area
that was very heavily forested.
What other civilizations were
interfacing with Atlantis
at that time?
>>MOORE: OK.
I think the person went
back to a time at Poseidia.
So--
>>REGINA: So explain that.
>>MOORE: OK.
31,000 years ago-- keep in
mind, the continent of Atlantis
was sitting right on top
of the mid-Atlantic ridge.
There was a line of
volcanoes, super volcanoes,
sitting right on top of
that mid-Atlantic ridge.
They all exploded
at the same time
and the continent
of Atlantis sank.
>>REGINA: Exploded is
the right word, yeah.
>>MOORE: Yes.
And the continent broke
apart, and most of it
sank, leaving islands here and
there that were still around,
most of them today, except
for an island called Poseidia.
And it was the size of
Cuba in rounded shape.
And then 375 miles to the
south, and on a direct line
out from Washington, DC--
interesting--
[CHUCKLING]
--was Aryan.
And Aryan was about
the size of Hispaniola.
And there were five
smaller islands
right below that, all
in the Atlantic Ocean.
So all the oceans
of the world went up
160 feet because
of the displacement
when this continent sank.
And millions of people
all over the world
drowned when the oceans rose
160 feet and stayed there.
It was huge.
So we had these islands
left, and it took them
quite a long time to recover.
Of course, you have all this
mud, which was mentioned,
I think by Plato or someone.
All this mud in the oceans
that stayed a long, long time.
It was un-navigable.
Navigable.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And so, but finally,
it went away.
And so that's where
these societies ran.
Now, most of the
people that followed
the religious beliefs, the
law of one, were on Poseidia.
And the Sons of
Belial were mostly
on Aryan, and those
little islands below it.
So that sets up--
and this, again, it
goes from 31,000.
Now, when they went to
war against each other,
that was 12,500 years ago.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
In the later stages.
>>MOORE: In the later stages--
>>REGINA: Before the
ultimate destruction.
>>MOORE: They were
already warring.
They were already sinking
ships, and yada-yada-ya.
What your friend may have seen
was that 12,500 years ago,
the Sons of Belial
people said, we just
can't take these people anymore.
Let's wipe them off
the face of the Earth.
And so they did what I call
a Pearl Harbor attack, where
early in the morning, they had
about 325 of these aircraft,
and they went up with
these laser weapons
and attacked Poseidia.
And using these laser
weapons, it could literally
melt the ground people
stood on ground,
and the people themselves.
The people of Aryan thought
they knew where all the airbases
were on Poseidia,
but they didn't.
And so the Poseidians
retaliated.
And this went back and forth,
and finally, all the islands
sank to the bottom the ocean.
The oceans rose 41
feet at that point.
And this is when the
story of Noah was created.
The story of Noah was
in all the religions,
although the Indians
changed his name to Manu
for Indian purposes.
He actually did build this
ark, and it actually did float,
but the oceans were
only up 41 feet,
so not all the
world was covered.
It's just people thought it was.
And eventually, he did
land on the lower slopes
of Mount Ararat,
and one of his sons
married a girl from a
part of the world that
was not covered with water.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
So we've covered
quite a bit there.
[CHUCKLING]
>>MOORE: Sorry.
>>REGINA: Well,
when we're looking
at historical references,
as we know in modern times,
history is written
by the victors.
>>MOORE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So it's really
the collective memory
of people like you
and me, and people
watching this, that's
going to piece together
when Atlantis truly was over
that long, long time-frame.
And another thing
that's not understood
is Egypt had a very,
very ancient culture.
It wasn't 10,000,
15,000, 20,000 years.
This existed simultaneously
with Atlantis.
>>MOORE: 300,000.
400,000.
500,000.
>>REGINA: Exactly, exactly.
And so there was not
just communication--
and I think this is where a
lot of what's interesting comes
in, is if we can simply get
comfortable with the fact,
there has been air travel
on this planet for--
and technology for
a very long time.
It explains a lot
about how cultures
that shouldn't be
where they are,
languages that shouldn't
be where they are, are.
The movements of
groups of people,
and the re-establishment of
cultures around the planet.
Well, this happened in the
times of Lemuria and Atlantis,
and in Egypt, like you say, even
to the point of devastating air
battles.
And so then you had ships.
Let's talk about them
as a seafaring culture
as well, because they
establish connections with--
even up into Scandinavia
and Britain many,
many thousands of years ago.
And we're already
migrating to some
of these areas with
some of the knowledge
that they possessed
at that time.
So let's talk about some of
those migratory patterns.
>>MOORE: OK.
Keep in mind, the Atlanteans
were pretty aggressive people.
So they actually conquered
most of the Mediterranean.
And--
>>REGINA: Yes, they had a very
aggressive sect of people,
but not all of them
were aggressive.
There were a lot of races there.
And some that had the
technology were more aggressive.
>>MOORE: OK.
And so the one place that
they never could conquer
was Africa, even
though the continent
came within 30 miles of Africa.
They tried a couple
of times, because I
was a soldier in
two lives in which I
got killed with the force
trying to invade Africa.
And they had this Achilles heel
where these aircraft could only
operate in the daytime.
I don't know why, but--
>>REGINA: It probably had
something to do with the sun.
>>MOORE: In the daytime, yeah.
And so-- and I think
maybe in my book,
I may have said 2,000 warriors,
but I've since been told,
no, Tom, you just didn't believe
there could be so many more,
but it was actually 20,000
Masai kind of warriors
would wait until darkness.
And they would come,
and they just literally
wiped out the invading forces.
And so they never
could conquer Africa.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And this was something I
just came across recently I
thought was fascinating,
and I'm going to bring it up
in another conversation.
It has to do with
some of those who
had emigrated from
the northern part,
perhaps when the very
first destruction occurred.
And this was not something
that was unknown.
It didn't happen
in a flash, per se.
There was some knowledge and
instability of the Earth.
So in the northern
part, some of the people
who were more aggressive
in nature, and seafaring,
had gone to Scandinavia
and started mating
with the indigenous
Norse people of the day,
and created what are now known
today as the mighty Vikings.
That these were Atlantean
and Scandinavian hybrids
from the very early
days of Atlantis.
Now, I thought that
was fascinating.
It's not something I've
ever given consideration to.
>>MOORE: And I haven't asked
enough questions of that, so--
>>REGINA: Maybe
ask some questions
and see what's in there.
>>MOORE: --I'm going to
have to ask some questions.
>>REGINA: Because this
was a mighty race that
is still known to this day.
We're still doing
television series
based on the ferocity
of this race of people.
And the physicality.
The large stature and
strength of the Viking people.
So again-- so that's some
information I'd read about.
But I want to go now
to this 31,000 years
ago middle destruction,
the second destruction,
and talk about the nature of
it, because you used the word
explosion, and I believe that
is one of the prominent times I
had been regressed to.
I didn't know I was going there.
Turned out that's
where I ended up,
was on one of the
destructions of Atlantis,
and it wasn't the final one.
And I had deduced by now
it was the middle one.
And you're right.
It's as though everything
just exploded and melted.
It was horrific.
Talk about it from
your perspective,
and what you've
been told and know.
>>MOORE: Oh.
>>REGINA: Because we're
still traumatized by it,
people that were around.
>>MOORE: I mean, when I have
people asking questions of me,
they don't understand that there
were stages of destruction.
>>REGINA: Yes, they don't.
>>MOORE: And even there was a--
we'll eventually get to Lemuria,
where they destroyed themselves
too, and the oceans
rose 170 feet.
So we've had three major
times in our history
where the oceans rose 160, 41
feet, and 170 feet or more.
So it coordinates with
scientists saying,
well, the oceans
rose 375 to 400 feet,
but probably, it just
rose a foot every century.
It wasn't that way.
It actually--
>>REGINA: Right.
Calamities, right.
>>MOORE: Calamities.
But--
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about this distraction
where things
exploded, so to speak.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
I know that there were
places like Bermuda,
and the Canary Islands, and--
>>REGINA: The Azores.
>>MOORE: --and the
Bahamas that were left.
>>REGINA: Did they tell you
the nature of the explosions?
>>MOORE: Only that
it was volcanic.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So OK.
So maybe I can help
fill in that piece,
because Dolores Cannon
regressed me back to that time.
I didn't think I was
going there at all.
I thought I was going
somewhere else entirely,
but I ended up there.
And at that time-- and I don't
want to bore the viewers.
I think I mentioned--
I did mention this
in another show,
but it's been a long time.
So what happened
was, there was--
over a long period of time, this
energy had been building up.
So it was becoming unstable
for quite a long time.
I happened to be
with a group of women
that worked in one
particular temple,
and our job was literally
to work telepathically
and with our
energies, projecting
them to try to hold the
Earth energy stable.
But in the outside
world, there were
those working with the
crystalline technologies
of the day.
And they were amping
up the technologies--
again, everything was trying
to stop what was inevitable.
Stop the eruption
by using force,
thinking you can control it.
We were using telepathic force.
They were using crystal
energy technology force.
It didn't work, and we all
knew that it was going to blow.
But what was interesting
was that in that day--
and this has been validated
by two other people totally
separately from me who were
there and saw the same thing--
there were spacecraft that were
in the near atmosphere hovering
right above.
They too were trying to--
I think some people
were with them.
They'd taken some people.
But they were also trying
to hold the energies to stop
the loss of what
was going to happen,
because it was a pretty
advanced culture,
and a lot was going to be lost.
But this gets back to what
you said about the ships only
working in the daytime.
So what I kept saying
in this regression was,
oh my god, we've
ruined everything.
Because I thought the guys
with the crystalline technology
were ruining things.
They were trying to help.
I just didn't know.
I was cloistered.
I said, we've ruined everything.
We have the most delicate,
perfect, matrix with the sun
that we have developed in
relationship to the sun.
So there was something
about the sun--
and I could see it
as a lattice work--
and the technologies
we were working
with that worked together.
And it was really
beautifully developed.
And I said, we're
going to lose it now,
and it'll be a long
time before we wake up
and remember this again.
So that might have
something to do--
and I don't know
the nature of it
anymore than just that, because
this happened very quickly,
that the sun and the
crystalline energy technologies
were dependent on each other.
>>MOORE: Obviously,
I have more to ask.
>>REGINA: Huh?
>>MOORE: Obviously,
I have more to ask.
>>REGINA: Well, ask
more about all that,
because I need to ask pieces
you have and vice versa.
Yeah.
So now we have this culture, and
some of these aggressive folks
have gone off.
Let's talk about all the
places that the Atlanteans had
emigrated to over time, and
where their culture affected
other peoples in other lands.
>>MOORE: Well, are we talking
about the aggressors where they
went and conquered--
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
there are also those who were
poets, and mathematicians, and
such that went to other areas.
>>MOORE: Yeah, but this
was all before the 31,000.
Because once that destruction
happened, everything--
everyone came back.
They left these places.
But they also left
their history.
So as an example, when I got
down to about 12,700 years
ago, where I had
created the Gentle Way,
and I had about a
million people that
were requesting benevolent
outcomes in their lives.
But then I was told
by off-world people,
and even flown in a
spaceship over to Egypt,
that this is going to go badly.
They're going to
destroy themselves,
and you need to emigrate.
And so with 25,000
people, we immigrated
through Spain, and
France, what have you.
And we all finally
made it over to Egypt.
Now, Edgar Cayce
mentions that he
had a life as Ra Ta, who was
banished to some outer place.
And they brought him back
to deal with the Atlanteans.
And that was my group.
Because they thought,
gosh, here's 25,000.
They're going to
conquer us again,
because they had all these old
records of being conquered.
And we had to explain to them
that we were gentle people,
and we were not there
to conquer anybody.
And there was an
Egyptian princess that
helped us in our resettlement.
And that's my wife today.
Now, in her next life,
it'll be 12,500 years ago,
approximately, and
she's going to be a he,
and he's going to be a
major leader of his people,
and I'm going to
be his assistant.
But that's a past life for
me and my wife's future life,
her next life.
>>REGINA: Well, understanding
that time is not linear.
>>MOORE: You can have lives
going on at the same time
as you have other lives.
And it just all depends of what
your soul needs for growth.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
OK.
So now we're talking
about the people
through these various
destructions who
have then left and have
influenced others who made it
through, whether they were
taken out in an aircraft,
or whether they found their
way via some kind of seafaring
vessel, made their way.
And my understanding is to
the north, a lot of what we--
we don't see it as
it originally was,
but the druidic culture from
Ireland and throughout Britain
was really a result of knowledge
that had been brought over
in the higher days of Atlantis.
And that a lot of that was
then inculcated, and then
kept among the druids.
And still today, what's
remaining of the druids,
they still have some of
that original knowledge,
but it was kept.
And it was primarily
an oral history.
But also written,
but in a way that's
coded that we
wouldn't understand.
The alphabetic
letters, for example,
each represented a tree.
So very interesting
intelligent encoding.
So here, you have
this wonderful group
of people holding onto the
higher esoteric knowledge.
Way up north in the
very early days,
you have some barbaric
behavior, really,
in conquering other areas.
Let's talk about what happened.
Oh, last year at this time,
we were in Sardinia shooting.
And one thing that the
Sardinians were talking about
is they have a history
of a race of giants.
They believe they're
descendants of the Atlanteans,
or that Atlanteans certainly
were present there.
And they're afraid
of these tidal waves.
They're afraid of the sea shore.
Because I said,
well, do you swim?
They said, oh, no, we
don't go near the sea.
There's this deep
cultural memory
of being inundated with
water, which would go
with what you're saying, right?
Yeah.
And this is throughout-- so
that's the Mediterranean.
That's one part.
And this exists in a lot
of different cultures,
these same thoughts,
remembrances, and fears.
>>MOORE: A lot of
people have fears--
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely.
Let's go west.
What happened-- North
America bordered it too.
It wasn't that far away.
So let's talk about
the influences there.
>>MOORE: One of the things that
happened after this destruction
31,000 years ago
was that they had
the find crystals to
replace the ones that
were lost in the destruction.
So they wound up
going to an area
near Hot Springs, Arkansas.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I was going to say, yeah.
Yeah.
>>MOORE: And they actually
would have mining towns.
And a mining town would be there
with maybe 125 or 150 people.
And they would mine
out a certain area.
They had devices that would
find these large crystals.
They weren't quite as
good as maybe the ones
that they had because of
all the volcanic activity
on the Atlantean
continent, but they were
able to find large crystals.
And so they'd mine an area.
Then they'd move the
whole town to another area
not too far away,
and another area.
And they would
actually fly these--
I think they flew them--
these crystals
back to the coast,
and then transport
them back over to--
>>REGINA: The islands
that were still remaining.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And this worked for a long time.
There really was
this transportation
of these crystals.
And I've been told that
even some of the people--
the farmers that live to
the west of Hot Springs
have found tunnels.
But they don't want
anyone on their property,
so they don't tell
anybody about them.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
So once the final
destruction occurred,
there are a lot of
factors at play here.
You're talking about, it seems
a lowering of consciousness
that was occurring from
the very early days on.
You're talking about
re-establishment
of certain practices
and understandings
in Egypt and throughout
the world, right?
So--
>>MOORE: And by
the way, with me, I
took a couple of
healing instruments.
And one was like a healing
bowl, and supposedly, it's
in a museum somewhere, and
nobody knows what it does.
So I smuggled these
out of Atlantis
because we weren't supposed
to take them with you.
And I did healings in Egypt.
I was called a priest,
but they were very limited
on their vocabulary.
This was really a
third world country.
And so everybody
was called priest.
So I was kind of like
a healing priest.
>>REGINA: If you had any
knowledge, you were a priest.
>>MOORE: Probably, yes.
>>REGINA: So have you figured
out where that is yet?
Are you going on a treasure
hunt to find the bowl?
>>MOORE: No.
[CHUCKLING]
>>REGINA: Let it go.
Let it go until next time.
OK.
So the final destruction
has occurred.
Now, we already know that
people like yourself and others
had already made
their way to Egypt
and taken whatever knowledge
they had with them.
So you--
>>MOORE: And other
people went to Yucatan.
>>REGINA: Yeah, into
Yucatan as well, absolutely.
>>MOORE: And Guatemala.
So we weren't the only
group that was escaping.
But certainly, we were
one of the larger groups.
And then there was
even another guy--
and I can't remember his name--
that brought a separate
group of people.
And he was out to be a leader
in Egypt, and I wasn't.
I just wanted to take
care of my group.
I was a religious leader.
I was not-- per se,
I was simply having
people follow the Gentle Way.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
And there's also
some thought, then,
when you're talking
about going west,
that the Mayan culture was
established also based on--
that was originally part of
a remnant of the Atlantean
culture, were the Mayans with
their advanced understandings
of mathematics, and these
beautiful cities that
were established in South
America, and such, and Central
America, that this was also a
remnant of Atlantean knowledge
and culture.
Most of it which has
been lost to time,
is buried underneath jungles,
and is now being rediscovered.
It's like, wow, how did you
have such technology in the day?
So this is fascinating
on so many levels.
Graham Hancock's work has looked
at going into South America,
into the Amazon,
and looking at some
of the remnants of these
amazing cities that
had to have been after the
destruction of Atlantis.
It's a really popular
subject right now.
Now let's go back
further to Lemuria,
because my understanding is
Lemuria and Atlantis also
were culturally somewhat
concurrent with each other.
So let's go to Lemuria, which
preceded it, but ended up
overlapping with Atlantis.
>>MOORE: OK.
So I was told that I've had,
between Atlantis and Lemuria,
somewhere around 180 lives.
And I was told
that I'm probably--
I'm the only person
on Earth that
has had that many lives
on both continents.
So when I ask about
Lemuria, I was told 65.
And I said, why so few?
And I was told that Lemuria,
for thousands of years--
and they were populated
at the same time Atlantis,
the Atlantean continent
was 60,000 years ago
with Homo sapiens.
So for thousands of years, they
had a very idyllic society.
Very easygoing.
So I didn't need as many
lives there due to the fact
that they were much different
than the Atlantean people were.
They had a lot of
things going on.
>>REGINA: They were living
in more close companionship
throughout with nature.
Nature spirits, the
spiritual world in general.
So it was a more gentle reality.
>>MOORE: A gentle reality.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>MOORE: And actually,
until the big destruction
of the Atlantean continent,
when the seas rose 170 feet,
they were actually
connected to Japan.
And so this continent was 12%
larger than Australia is today.
And it extended within
100 miles of Hawaii.
And for thousands of years, the
Lemurians vacationed on Hawaii.
And so that's why you
can feel this Lemurian
energy when you go to Hawaii.
>>REGINA: Very gentle.
>>MOORE: Yes.
And even-- and this gentleness
extended all the way down
to within about 1,000 years
before their destruction,
which was 7,500 years ago.
As things picked up, and they
started being more warlike,
there were five
countries that inhabited
the continent of Lemuria.
They were divided like Europe
is today by mountains, rivers,
things like that.
So there were five countries.
And so they continued
to vacation in Hawaii,
but each country would
have their own beach.
And so some beaches
would be inhabited
by people that would
be very clothed,
and other people might look
like the French on a beach.
So that's how they handled it.
They continued to
vacation on Hawaii.
So I've told people--
I'm asked, well, how can I
feel the Lemurian energy again?
Go to Hawaii, and you
can feel that energy.
>>REGINA: And they
have their own legends
about that in Hawaii.
And so the people of Mu were
considered a more gentle
people.
A people that were peaceful.
Peaceful at heart.
Not technologically driven.
And again, there are
so many remembrances
of what life was
like on Lemuria.
Now, where does, say, Polynesia,
Chile, New Zealand, California,
even, come into the story?
>>MOORE: OK.
In that last 1,000
years, their technology
was really picking up.
They became more warlike.
Now, in my case, I
was asking one day,
I said, did I ever
have a life on Lemuria?
And Theo said, ah, Tom.
And when he says that, I'm
going to hear something.
He said, you helped
destroy the continent.
So it turned out that I was
a religious leader in one
of the five countries.
And we really were
getting warlike.
And we had developed
the equivalent
of the hydrogen bombs.
And so we didn't think
these other two countries
had developed hydrogen bombs.
And so I encouraged them,
oh, yeah, let's go ahead
and attack them.
And so we did.
But they did have.
And they retaliated with
their own hydrogen bombs.
So that's what brought
that continent up.
>>REGINA: Well--
>>MOORE: And it took me 85 or
87 lives to balance that one--
I consider it my
worst life on Earth.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Well, we all have screw-ups.
[CHUCKLING]
>>MOORE: Oh, that
was a major one.
>>REGINA: So you're
saying 7,500 years ago,
this would have occurred.
>>MOORE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so if
you're saying, then,
what would the implication
have been with 170-foot tidal--
essentially rise of
sea level at that time?
>>MOORE: Again-- and this
is why-- people say, well,
why don't we have
records of all this?
It's because we've had three
times in our history, 160, 41,
and 170 feet where the oceans
rose and drowned people
all over the world,
wiped out cities--
all the cities, towns,
villages that were
on the coasts of the world,
and all their records
and everything were
all completely--
>>REGINA: Buried in mud.
>>MOORE: --completely
wiped away.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
So you start hearing
a common theme here,
which is exhibiting
itself today.
Interests that are vested in, in
our case, in the profit of war,
and the profit of disease.
>>MOORE: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Everything that is
anti-life seems to be where
the big money follows and goes.
So now, what--
>>MOORE: So I'll tell you
something that's coming that
I've been told--
within the next year or so,
there's going to be someone--
and it won't be someone,
it'll be like a corporation--
that is going to give to the
world a free energy machine.
>>REGINA: I wouldn't
be surprised at that.
We've been sitting on the
precipice of it for ages.
>>MOORE: Yes.
And I was told that there
had been free energy machines
before that were bought up by
the oil companies and buried.
But this one is
going to be given
to the world with no
patent, so to speak.
And it will change
the world, because
every single little
village in the world
will be able to
have electricity.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
Well, that's been what Steven
Greer and the Disclosure
Project has talked about,
and a lot of people
have talked about, that
really all of this--
the game we're playing
right now comes to a close
once free energy is
reintroduced to the planet.
And there are many, many
entities, people, even
now corporations who are
vying with each other
to be the first to introduce it.
But again, when you're
trying to corner a market,
when you're trying to make
gajillions of dollars off of it
as the first to market,
and patents and so forth--
>>MOORE: But they're
not going to do that.
>>REGINA: --it doesn't happen.
It hasn't made it out.
But if you say someone's
going to freely offer it,
now that's a game changer.
>>MOORE: That's
the game changer.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
would be really exciting.
>>MOORE: And it'll be like--
I won't say it will
be a Bill Gates,
but it might be someone
like that that will say,
this is my gift, or this
is our gift to the planet.
>>REGINA: So all we can
do now is wait and see
and hope that that is true.
>>MOORE: And request
a benevolent outcome--
>>REGINA: And request
a benevolent outcome.
>>MOORE: --that it
comes even sooner
than we can hope or expect.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about, then,
just in wrapping things up
here, the relevance of talking
about--
and we can kind of see
it from what you just
said-- the relevance of having
some knowledge about Lemuria,
or even checking into our own
deep past with life on Lemuria,
and life in Atlantis,
and where we are today.
How would you talk
about that in summary?
>>MOORE: OK.
First of all, I
was told that it's
time to reveal all this
again, because we have reached
a vibrational level at that
harmonic convergence of 1987
where we reached a vibrational
level where we will never
destroy ourselves again.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's excellent news.
>>MOORE: Yeah.
And in fact, in
the next 100 years,
you're going to see conflicts
slowly go down to the point
where there'll be almost no
conflicts 100 years from now.
And that might be
kind of hard for--
because everybody lives
in fear in some ways.
But that's not going to happen.
We're going-- 100
years from now,
I'm told that people will
look back at this time period,
and it's like what we
look back at that 1917,
'18, '19 period that was so--
to us-- fundamental,
or basic, that they're
going to look back
at our time period,
there's going to be
that much progress
in the next 95 to 100 years.
>>REGINA: I believe
that, because I
think most of the
people on this Earth,
it doesn't matter where you come
from, understand that war now
is barbaric.
And there's no place for it.
There's no place for it anymore.
You can't defend it.
And I think one of the beauties
of what's happened with media,
as much as you have crazy
information and disinformation
and such all jumbled
together out there,
is there is enough that
has happened to show
how wars actually occur.
That they only serve a
handful of people generally.
>>MOORE: As the industrial--
what is it, industrial
military intelligence complex,
whatever it's called.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It serves this handful to
keep them in power in the ways
that they like to be in power.
But that has nothing to do
with the rest of humanity.
And it's really irrelevant now.
War doesn't work any longer.
I think most people
have televisions.
They have computers.
They have enough that they've
learned, wait a minute,
there's some pretty
shadowy things
going on behind every
single one of these wars.
I'm not going to participate.
And certainly, the
younger generations
are more and more savvy that
there's no place for war
anymore.
>>MOORE: Hell, no, we won't go.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in
draining our resources.
>>MOORE: As the old saying went.
>>REGINA: Yeah, in the
hippie generation, yeah.
Yeah, the Vietnam War.
So no, this is good.
I can definitely see what
you're talking about,
where war will become extinct.
And so-- and over time,
if we have clean energy,
we won't have to go
through the processes
that we are now of damaging
and polluting the planet.
So free energy coming in
is definitely good news.
So yeah, these
are good messages.
Well, Tom, thank you so much.
Any final things you would like
to say before we sign off here?
>>MOORE: Just like to mention
that "The Gentle Way" book 1,
"The Gentle Way: A
Self-Help Guide for Those
Who Believe in Angels,"
is in audio form now.
>>REGINA: Oh, good.
>>MOORE: And it's also
in Greek, and German,
and Spanish, and in
case people would
like to check it out, and check
out my "Atlantis and Lemuria:
The Lost Continents Revealed."
Thank you.
>>REGINA: Very good.
Always a fascinating
conversation, and also
a reminder that things
change, but we're still here.
So you can go to
"The Gentle Way"
book to learn more
about Tom's work
and order a copy of his book.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]